hi my name's Beth my friends at all free
knitting mom asked me to make this video
for you to grab your needles your yarn
and get ready to cast on so it's a pearl
English method again you're going to
hold the yarn in your right hand like I
said I just wrap it around the pinky and
bring it up over the index finger and
then you want to make sure that you have
the yarn in front of the right needle
like back here is the position you would
want your yarn if you're going to be
making the knit stitch but the Pearl
bring the yarn to the front of the
needle and then you're just going to
take the right needle and go in through
the front of the left stitch and then
take the yarn and wrap it
counterclockwise around the right needle
and pull it through
so in through the front of the stitch on
the Left needle yarn gets wrapped
counterclockwise around the right needle
and just pull it through and off the
left needle
ok so again you see it's just you get
the same results with the English method
as you do with the continental method
you're just making your stitches in a
different way but that's all there is to
it